Hey how's it going guys this is Dave TD
and this video is a little bit different
from my regular stuff I normally don't
do console gaming that much and more
importantly I don't do unboxings but
this is a really unique product to me I
love Batman and secondly I think they
did a really good job on the actual
product itself it's cool color cool
character and I think they added some
interesting features software wise to
the product so I'm just going to do a
quick unboxing just do a setup install
an SSD maybe do a durability test on the
kind of like the gray material and yeah
hope you guys like it so here it is in
its box still and we'll do this so I'm
not going to do much editing on this
thing I'm just going to straight up film
it just put it up on YouTube hope you
guys like it
alright let's do it the limited edition
ps4 has Batman drawn on the sleeve with
some crap about what you get inside but
I tend not to keep boxes like I just
throw them out right away unless it's
something that I might end up reselling
so I kind of just rip this thing apart
the packaging is just like any other ps4
but that controller is really nice
looking now once you get rid of all the
packaging here's what you get some
downloadable games a physical copy of
Batman Arkham Knight HDMI cable power
cable micro USB cable and that super
dope controller all for 450 US dollars
the console itself is a metallic gray
color that they call steel gray it's
textured and there's no smooth glossy
panel like the original ps4 the
controller comes with it is also labeled
as steel gray but it's definitely a
different finish to it it's smoother and
it's nicer to hold and it's also shinier
I actually like this grey more and I
wish the console itself was also this
shiny grey but I will mechanically the
ps4 is unchanged there's two USBs up
front and everything
kind of in that gray color and the
Batman silhouette printed up top feels
almost like it's silk-screened on it's
like a smooth texture I hope it lasts
and doesn't just start flaking off
because how it's suck but it's
definitely printed on and it's not part
of the plastic itself the back of the
ps4 is also unchanged overall the
texture on the surface feels rougher
than the standard ps4 but it's been a
while since I owned one like the
original standard ps4 so I could be
wrong and on the bottom you can see the
sunken ps4 logo in the plastic so really
the truth is this is just a super
standard ps4 in terms of its technical
components but it's just done up in a
really cool color scheme but if you're
not into Batman or if you don't like
gray or if you're all about like PC
master-race
then you're probably gonna think this is
pretty silly the controller has that
metallic sheen to it and I really really
like this thing I seriously wish Sony
have made this color a long time ago
because I'm really tired of black
consoles now the back of it is still
black there's nothing special there but
I really hope Sony ends up selling this
color separately so that I can get a
second controller like I just want my
controllers to match it comes with a
remastered copy of the Last of Us which
is an older ps3 game and it comes with
some exclusive content so scarecrow
nightmare missions Harley Quinn story
pack and a couple of skins for Batman is
like a Justice League skin and then the
old-school Adam West's Batman skin it
comes with a standard 500 gig drive and
I hate disc dry so I put in a 1 terabyte
SSD if you haven't done before it's
pretty simple you slide off the panel
here to access the drive and with the
cover off you can clearly see that it's
molded using grey plastic it's not just
like a standard black piece for that
they paint it up now I've read that the
Metal Gear Solid ps4 like that red and
black one was painted so I'm pretty
happy that this is the paint to get the
drive out you unscrew the star shape
screw here and you pull out the drive
motor it comes out really easily and you
just replace the old drive with an SSD
and you put everything back together
there is some software yet to put onto a
USB to boot up but it's a very easy job
so I set this thing up just across the
table from where film and if you're into
the Batman games this thing is awesome I
only had time to play for a bit so far
but it's going to be a really
unproductive next couple of weeks okay
so I should probably end the video there
it's like 1:00 in the afternoon and I've
done zero work all day I yeah I film in
an office and this is like this is
obviously not work-related so if you
guys like the video write in the
comments below I will do my best to kind
of do more gaming console oriented stuff
and yeah if you're new here and you
haven't subscribed and you like this
kind of stuff
subscribe it'd be really cool all right
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time